{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh7220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ty Suthard\
----------\
Readme for Metalworks.zblorb + dev notes (I guess).\
----------\
\
I think the game accomplishes exactly what I was trying to do. I can't think of a moment where I had to sacrifice a game element because the game wouldn't allow it. I managed to get the player to break down a door becaues I thought that was a heck of a lot cooler than using a key and unlocking a door. I got the player to dive through a window and stand on the edge of a bucket full of molten steel. I think it accomplishes what I wanted to do.\
\
For whatever reason, the part where I needed the player to destroy the \
cinderblock wall using the cleaning supplies instead of throwing the blowtorch was not working, because "light" was being mistook as "burning", a default inform command. I fixed it, somehow, but man that was a pain. I think I renamed the custom action.\
\
I can't pick out the three main puzzles, so here are all the ones I can think of:\
1. Trapped in the closet. A. you need to break down the door.\
2. Boss is catching up. Mask your location. A. Burn the cigs with the blowtorch.\
3. Cinderblock wall is impeding your movement. A. Destroy it using the propane tanks and the blowtorch (+cleaning supplies optional).\
4. Crane operator is stingy and won't let you use the crane controls. A. GIve him the cigs or 20 bucks.\
\
Those are all the puzzles that are important. Or it might be all of them, I can't remember.\
\
Well, the player has a couple of ways to solve some of the puzzles. By a couple, I mean literally two on some of them. I didn't want any keys in my game, I thought they were pretty cliche for a text-based game. The gameplay mechanics are pretty standard for an inform game, I don't really see how I could have changed it up very much. I added some combine commands and a "think about" command that the player learns about later in the game. It's basically a hint system.\
\
I can't really remember who the first person that tested my game was, but my brother was the second playtester. The first playtester basically showed me that my code was really broken, but I already sort of knew that. I just didn't realize it was to such an extent as what it was. My brother palyed the game 
\f1\i after
\f0\i0  I fixed all of the bugs. Here are his notes:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\i \cf0 when going south to catwalk, i was informed that there was a metal gear, so i took the gear. then it says i have no means of carrying these clothes, so i put them on instead. i was confused\
\
\
i light cigarretes and that creates a huge cloud of smoke? maybe use some different material, like fertilizer or something, maybe just make up a sulfuric powder and call it some sort of smokey material \
\

\f0\i0 I think he had a a good time. He didn't actually beat the game though; he didn't pick up the rat at the end. I'm pretty confident people who have played an inform game before will.\
\
Their feedback let me fix the game.\
\
I beta tested the guy's game who beta-tested my game. His game was actually very functional, save for maybe one or two commands that weren't working correctly, and a lot of missing descriptions. I managed to get to the end in his game, and let him know of a couple of commands I was using in mine. At least, ones that weren't broken. \
\
I'm most proud of being able to break down a door. That was fun.\
\
Next time, I would double-finish this game, and edit in a few more cool things. \
\
\
\
\
SPEEDRUN GUIDE:\
Take cleaning supplies\
break down door\
s\
e\
take clothes\
push button\
s\
w\
take cigs\
take torch\
switch on blowtorch\
light cigs with torch\
w\
switch on blowtorch (it might've switched off, i can't remember)\
throw blowtorch at propane tanks\
s\
s\
give crane operator cigs\
use crane controls\
jump on steel bucket\
dive through window\
take rat\
\
***GAMU COMPLETU***\
}